Add 3 entries to the `/knowledge` center (#1917)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/zero-downtime-migration-for-dns.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Snippet from '~/components/snippet'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'How can I do a "Zero Downtime" DNS migration?',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'How Can I Do a "Zero Downtime" DNS Migration to Vercel?',
```

  description:

>     'Information about how to migrate your DNS records without downtime.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'Information about how to migrate your DNS records to Vercel without downtime.',
```

  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/zero-downtime-migration-for-dns.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/zero-downtime-migration-for-dns.mdx',

>   published: '2020-06-15T13:46:54.155Z',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  published: '2020-06-17T13:46:54.155Z',
```

  lastEdited: '2020-06-15T13:46:54.155Z'
}

> Migrating your DNS configuration to another provider is a difficult task. This entry will assist you with this process by showing the steps required to avoid downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating your DNS configuration to another provider can require a few steps. This article will assist you with this process by showing the steps required to avoid downtime.
```

## Clone the Current DNS Configuration

> To locate the current DNS provider of your domain, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To locate the current DNS provider of your domain, you can run the following command:
```

<Snippet dark text="dig NS example.com +short" />
<Caption>Checking the DNS authority for a domain using the terminal.</Caption>

> The result will show the current DNS authority. You need to explore the DNS provider dashboard to locate the records. If you are using Vercel, the DNS configuration can be located [here](https://vercel.com/dashboard/domains).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result will show the current DNS authority. You will need to explore the DNS provider dashboard to locate the records. If you are using Vercel, the DNS configuration can be located [here](https://vercel.com/dashboard/domains).
```

> After you've successfully located all records associated with your domain, you can either download a "zone file" or copy each record manually to the new provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have successfully located all records associated with your domain, you can either download a "zone file" or copy each record manually to the new provider.
```

## Verify the Records

To verify the records, you can query the DNS configuration served by the future DNS authority:

<Snippet dark text="dig A api.example.com +short @ns1.vercel-dns.com" />
<Caption>Checking the DNS configuration of the A record under "api" served by Vercel.</Caption>

> If you were moving your DNS to Cloudflare, for example, this would be the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were moving your DNS to Cloudflare, for example, the correct command would be:
```

<Snippet dark text="dig A api.example.com +short @1.1.1.1" />
<Caption>Checking the DNS configuration of the A record under "api" served by Cloudflare.</Caption>

> Before proceeding, it is recommended that you check every record that you've moved away from. Dropping the `+short` flag can also give you more insight about the DNS resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding, it is recommended that you check every record that you have moved away from. Dropping the `+short` flag can also give you more insight into the DNS resolution.
```

## Switch the Nameservers

> In your registrar's dashboard (where you bought the domain), you need to change the Namerservers to your new provider. Do notice Nameservers change can take up to 48h to propagate. If you bought the domain from Vercel, you can reach out to [support](https://vercel.com/support/request) for the Nameserver change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your registrar's dashboard (where you bought the domain), you need to change the Nameservers to your new provider. Do notice Nameservers change can take up to 48h to propagate. If you bought the domain from Vercel, you can reach out to [Vercel Support](https://vercel.com/support/request) for the Nameserver change.
```
